# PostcardFromJungle

My strategy for training the model was starting out with less epochs so I could get a hang of how the loading time would be to better be able to guess the quality and the time it takes to generate mass amounts of images. Starting with five  epochs the image quality was obviously much lower, looking much more like an unrefined canvas of noise. As the epochs increased the quality of the images were much sharper and contained more discernible shapes and colors. I also found that the time it took to generate the images was greatly increases by raising the epochs by even a little bit. 
The quality of the images could be improved by two ways. One was increasing the epochs thus decreasing the noise and making the image more discernible like I stated before. This didn’t necessarily make images with discernible animals but they definitely looked more like a thing. The highest I went was 20 epochs and there you could almost see a wing or an eye. 
 I also increased the image_num variable, which increase the input sample images which produced, from 8 to 15 the images produced had many more patches of color. It was much noisier but has much more going on. You can see samples of these images under the name increasedImgNum.  
The language was produced by using this prompt: “ In narnia the animals talk to eachother in a mystical language that humans can not understand. This language is made up of recognizable syllables but words are not recognizable in any language. It sounds a bit like the language of the high elves in lord of the rings. Please generate 16 phrases in this language and translate them to english” as I wanted something that sounded like an epic fantasy language. I also generated the translations which I have provided below. For the audio I used a range of prompts all of which included a setting and an animal. I wanted to see how the model interpreted words like ‘magical’ or ‘monster’ and if settings like ‘island’ or ‘rainforest’ would come across well. It seems that the settings were a little lost but I could hear them to an extent. 
Note: all three audio clips do play but there is sometimes a large delay inbetween them. 
